{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2820
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue-Bold;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww30040\viewh16140\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs60 \cf2 The Last Lecture by Randy Pausch.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs22 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf2 Repeated success is followed by hard work. Randy seemed like a very hard worker, a professor that was good at their job and it showed in the way he spoke and acted. But the lecture was not all about his tribulations. As he talked about one goal/subject, each would come with a story about his hardships in making his dreams come true. Creating a narrative about his life at face value. This lecture seemed like a showcase about what he wanted to leave in this world and his great achievements that are to inspire others to  achieve their own grand feats. \
I remember when my dad was working with VR for the first time in his practice surrounding brain injury. This lecture reminded me of that time. I enjoyed being a patient for multiple trials. Each one programed to see if I was injured, testing reaction time and cognitive capacity. There was one I enjoyed in particular which involved the user punching spheres. Your left hand was red and your right blue and you would have a closed fist. The spheres would then fly at you slow enough so it didn\'92t become beat saber. Then they would start to switch positions and you would have to reach to punch each one. I remember that I was the first younger member out of everyone who attempted the trials and ended up with the fastest reaction time and overall the best score, no brain injury woo! \
Overall I liked Randy\'92s lecture for the first half. After that, it felt to me like he was trying to promote the school Carnegie Mellon. Maybe that is me being stubborn or thinking to hard about his talk. But I thought that a lecture on dream chasing shouldn\'92t have so much promotion. Everything else that Randy talked about seems very heartfelt and it is a shame to just meet someone and they have already passed years ago.\
}